This is my Bible.
I am what it says I am.
I can do what it says I can do.
I can have what it says I can have.
Today, I will be taught the uncompromised Word of God.
The mind's alert.
My heart's receptive.
I'll not leave the same as I came in Jesus' name.
And every time
I come to church on the rock.
My faith and my life gets stronger and stronger.
I am a doer.
I am a doer of the Word of God.
Oh, let's thank God for the Word today, okay?
Come on, let's thank you for the Word today.
Amen.
We're in a brand new series.
We started last weekend on overflowing gratitude.
If you'll give me the next 30 minutes of your life, I can change your life through the power of the Word and the Holy Spirit.
Through the power of the Word and the Holy Spirit, I have the answers to all our problems.
I have the answer to how do you deal with fear, anger, anxiety, worry, uncertainty, transition, the unknown,
How do you deal with your past and the regret of wrong mistakes?
How do you deal with a future that you're afraid of or you dread?
How do you deal with a family full of strife and contention?
I got the answer from the word in the spirit today.
Are you ready for that?
Overflowing gratitude.
We found out that that gratitude is the healthiest emotion there is.
Psychologists tell us that.
science and Scripture tells us that.
That the healthiest emotion, and we just got doing a series on how to manage your emotions, but the healthiest emotion is gratitude or thankfulness.
It will absolutely shift our life from bad to good, from negative to positive.
It affects scientific proof.
It affects your immune system.
You ever think about it when there's strife in your life, you seem to get sick?
Think about it.
Gratitude and thankfulness affects our immune system, but also scientifically, and Scripture says, it rewires your brain.
That an attitude of gratitude and thankfulness rewires your brain.
What does that mean?
It takes it from the negative to the positive, from a sad outlook to a good outlook.
It's scientifically proven.
Check it out.
And Scripture, we're checking it out that way through this month.
But an attitude of gratitude and thankfulness, it attracts opportunities.
We said last weekend, it attracts right relationships.
It opens doors.
I gave you stories last weekend.
It does all of these things, the benefits that we talked about.
It will actually, attitude of gratitude and thankfulness will help you achieve your destiny.
But because we, you see, Pastor, how is that connected to my destiny?
Well, the children of Israel were unthankful and they were murmuring and complaining.
And because of that, they didn't enter into the Promised Land.
Am I telling the truth?
The children of Israel who came out of Egypt, it was God's who would all take them to the promised land.
That would be the abundant life for you and me.
It said, they murmured in the desert and were overthrown by the enemy.
You see, if I complain, I won't obtain.
If I complain, I won't obtain.
And they're a picture of that because they were ungrateful for the God who delivered them from the bondage of Egypt.
And they were focusing on the negativity of their circumstances.
I'm talking to somebody.
They had forgot what God had did for them.
And they were focusing on their circumstances, the desert.
And so they were ungrateful and they started murmuring.
And the Bible says that kept them out of their future.
So I need gratefulness and I need to develop the skill because we're not born that way.
And thankfulness, if I'm gonna run my race and finish like a champion, if I'm gonna run my race and I'm gonna end up where God wants me to end up at the end of my life with my destiny, well done, thou good and faithful servant, I've got to develop the skill of not sarcasm, which is rampant in our world today, but I've gotta develop the skill of
being thankful and grateful.
And I have a good amen.
So with that introduction, let's just get right in today.
I believe it's gonna help us that a definition is a recognition, a recognition, thank you God for all that you've done for us.
Thank you for saving us.
We recognize that, delivering us, healing us, giving us life, giving us another day today to serve the Lord.
Yeah, serve others and please Him.
So a recognition and an appreciation of something received, prompting a desire to give back.
Do you know one of the ways we give back is serving in the local church?
That's one of the ways that we give back.
Prompting a desire to give back.
Do you know those who work in our children's ministry are giving back?
Those who work in our youth ministry, our nursery, they're giving back, our young adults, they're giving back.
Our seniors outreach, they're giving back, our young adults, they're giving back those who serve.
That's one way we give back.
Prompting a desire to give back, it reshapes our perspective.
Oh, I love that.
It reshapes our perspective and enriches every area of your life.
See, you see the world how you see yourself.
Did you hear what I just said?
You see and I see the world how we see ourselves.
is through the identity that we take on is how we see the world.
So if we see ourselves as a victim, then we see the world as against us and everyone against us.
You can't see yourself as a victim.
You have to see yourself as a victor.
Then you see the world through God for you and sending people your way who before you.
Oh, that was huge right there.
It enriches every area of our life.
gratitude and thankfulness.
Therefore, Colossians 2, verse 6 and 7, Scripture on the screen, therefore, as you've received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk in Him.
Verse 7, having been firmly rooted, notice those keywords rooted, built up, and established.
That would be a steadfast spirit.
That would be resilience.
Did you know that resilience is connected to my gratefulness?
Resilience is connected to my gratefulness.
Grateful people tend to bounce back faster.
I found out, I've been here 42 years.
I found out and counseling people who are grateful tend to receive counseling quicker.
Hallelujah.
Come on now.
I found out people that I would counsel if they came in and they're bitter and they're angry and they're mad and they're ungrateful, they don't receive my counsel.
But those who come in with a grateful spirit and thankful for all that God has done for them and them with them for them, they tend to receive counsel quicker.
They have a steadfast spirit.
Notice rooted, built up, established.
That's steadfast.
That's unmovable.
That's unstoppable.
Unstoppable.
Unstoppable in your faith.
Just as you were instructed, you have to be taught this.
You have to be taught, thankfulness.
We come out of our mother's womb, selfish.
You have to be taught gratitude.
And that's what I'm doing this month.
I have an overflowing, and here's where I got the title for the series, an overflowing with gratitude.
Well, look at all the benefits, family of gratitude.
Now, look at the living Bible paraphrase.
Same scripture, Colossians 2, verse 6 and 7.
Same scripture, but I hope you're hearing what the Spirit of God is saying.
I can feel change happening right now.
I sense lives being delivered right now, even as I'm talking.
Oh, yeah.
See, I get stuck when I have a cynical spirit.
A cynical, sarcastic spirit will cause me to get stuck.
I can't grow.
I can't receive light or revelation.
I go to church and get nothing out of it.
And now just as you've trusted Christ to save you, trust Him to help you with every day's problem.
Ooh, I like that.
I like the living Bible paraphrase.
Look what it says again.
Just as you trusted Jesus to save you, trust Him for every day's problems.
All of God's human God problems.
Pastor, I don't have any.
We're gonna have a prayer line.
We're gonna cast that line spirit out of you at the end of the service.
I got problems today.
You got problems today.
Don't look at anybody now, but we got problems.
So what do we do?
We trust Him every day.
Trust and obey for there's no other.
Okay, praise the Lord.
Live in vital union with Him.
Verse seven, let your roots grow down into Him.
and draw up nourish from him, nourishment from him.
See that you go on growing.
I can't grow with an unthankful spirit.
Just track the people you know in your life that deal with the same problem every year.
And I imagine if I was a betting person, I imagine you could connect ungratfulness with a lack of breakthrough.
Oh yeah.
Let your roots go down deep, draw your nourishment from Him, no one else.
See that you go on growing in the Lord and become strong and vigorous in truth.
That's the word that you were taught.
Let your lives overflow with what?
Joy, let your lives overflow with what?
So if you're depressed and you're discouraged,
and you're suicidal, you're in the right place.
Because I'm telling you how to get joy back with how thanksgiving for all God has done.
A thankful spirit, a thankful spirit gets rid of a depressed spirit.
I can't be thankful.
I've counseled a lot of people you guys.
And I found out that usually people who are depressed
are focusing on the wrong thing.
Usually people who are down can't even list three things they're thankful for.
It's everything they're angry about, mad about, disgruntled about focusing on the negative.
Come on, somebody.
This scripture tells me that today, going into the holidays, I don't have to dread them.
I have to be depressed.
I don't have to snort cocaine.
I don't have to smoke marijuana.
I don't have to get drunk.
I don't have to have an affair.
I don't have to go crazy.
I don't have to backslide.
I don't have to hide.
I don't have to be lonely.
I don't have to go through depressed and defeated because I know how to get my joy back.
Everyone say joy back.
I know how to get it back.
Developing the skill of being thankful for all God has done.
for me, Selah.
So in 54 verse six, I will offer a sacrifice.
So notice there are times that when we don't feel like being thankful, there are times that we don't feel like being grateful.
When everything's going contrary to what we want, then what we call that, not hypocrisy.
You know, I've been doing this a long time and I hear people say, well, I'm not raising my hands, pastor.
You're always harping on us, raising our hands and entering in.
I just don't feel like it.
You don't know what I'm going through.
I don't.
I'm sorry about that, but that's not hypocrisy to raise your hands in or in worship the Lord when you don't feel like it.
It's called sacrifice.
Yeah, it's called sacrifice.
And you know what?
It's worth more when you sacrifice it than when you feel like it.
So the days you don't feel like coming to church,
you'll get more out of it if you drag or bring your family with you to church.
Really a sacrifice is worth more than when you just want to do it.
So I will offer a sacrifice and look at this, a sacrifice of thanksgiving is a gift.
We're moving into the season where we give one another gifts.
We're giving the Lord a gift with our legacy offering with Bishop Bronner.
We're giving each other gifts, but notice you and I can give Jesus a gift.
And according to this verse, our gift is a gift of thanksgiving and gratitude.
So when we praise him and thank him, we're giving him a gift.
I love that.
I will offer a sacrifice, a special gift, a special gift.
Back to you, Lord, how are you going to do that?
I will thank you.
I will thank you that I can go to church on the rock.
I will thank you for church on the rock.
I will thank you for my brothers and sisters at church on the rock.
I will thank you for my family, for my career, my calling, my job.
I will thank you.
I'm not in the hospital this morning.
I'm not in jail this morning.
I will thank you.
I'm not addicted this morning.
I've been delivered.
Now, I may not feel like it, but when I do it, it's a sacrifice that actually it's worth more than when I do feel like it.
And what am I doing?
I'm giving him a gift.
Well, why do we thank him?
Pastor, why should I thank God?
Because he is good.
Did you know that when you say, praise the Lord for he is good?
Do you know it wins battles for you?
You all remember, well, fake it till you make it.
Second Chronicles, 2020, do you remember that Israel was surrounded by their enemies?
They were overwhelmed.
They were outnumbered.
The odds were against them.
And so what did the king do?
He went to the Lord and asked the Lord, what should we do?
And the Lord said, send the praiseers out first.
But listen now, what were they singing?
What was on their lips?
Praise he the Lord where he is good.
I'm telling you, when you give God a gift of thanksgiving and you thank Him for He's good, it wins battles.
It breaks barriers.
It moves you forward.
It shifts your life.
It turns everything around.
Oh, come on, you can praise Him better than that.
Give Him a gift of thanksgiving right now.
Well, I can tell I'm not going to get done today.
Look at Psalm 27 verse six, Psalm 27 verse six.
And now show my head at the word talk.
And now as the team comes out and now show my head be lifted up above all my enemies.
What would your head be?
Your thinking.
your thought life, your meditation.
And notice, he said, and now my head will be lifted up.
My thought life is going to change.
Remember, I told you scientifically, they said, Thanksgiving rewires your brain, rewires your brain from the negative to the positive, from the sarcastic to the thankful?
Look what the Psalmist said.
And now I'm not going to lie here and be a victim.
I'm not going to lie here and listen to those lying thoughts the devil's telling me.
I'm not going to give my enemies flesh and blood or spiritual real estate in my head.
I am not going to give them space in my head.
I'm not going to think about how they did me wrong, when they did me wrong, why they did me wrong.
I'm not going to think about my past and the hurts and the fears, the disappointments, the treason.
I'm not going to lie here and listen to that anymore.
I'm going to rise above everything that would try to pull me down today.
My thoughts are not your thoughts, God.
Your thoughts are higher than my thoughts.
And God, I want my thoughts to be your thoughts.
Right, everybody?
Well, how in the world does that happen?
And now show my head be lifted up above all my enemies.
The enemy of regret, the enemy of wrong decisions, the enemy of my previous life, the enemies of my past, the enemies of my mistakes, the enemies of fear and doubt and regret and disappointment and heartbreak and all the, how am I going to rise up above that?
He said, in my tent.
So this works at your house.
Yeah, this will work in your house.
This will work where you live.
This will work 724.
In my tent, I will.
I don't feel like it, he said, but I will offer sacrifices.
Shouting of joy, I will sing.
I will sing praises to the Lord.
Thankfulness rewires your brain.
Thankfulness will cause you to rise above because
As we think we shall be, your dominant thoughts determine the direction of your life.
Stinking, thinking, right?
Check up from the neck up, hardening of the attitudes.
And so, all change starts in your head.
If I want my life to change, then I gotta change what I'm thinking in my head.
Because I got all this torment and anger and warfare going on in my head
God, what should I do?
Stop seven times a day and give him praise.
And just thank him for all that he's done.
Can we do that right now?
I'm out of time.
Come on, give him your best gift back to him today.
Thank you, Lord, for all you healed me.
You saved me.
You delivered me.
Let the redeemed of the Lord say so.
Oh, let the weak say they're strong and the poor say they're rich.
Thank you, Lord.
We surrender all to you today, Lord.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed and no one moving.
We're gonna pray a corporate prayer right now.
And if you don't have a relationship with Jesus, he loves you today.
He's for you today.
He's not against you today.
He died for your roads again and now in heaven, preparing a place that he wants you to be with him throughout eternity.
Online or here could be the first time or just
The Holy Spirit, maybe you were like I was, I was a miserable Christian until I surrendered all.
But wherever you're at today, pray this prayer with me right now, here and online, in the lobby, the family lounge, the rock express, wherever you might be.
It's in the Bible, it's Romans 10, let's bow our heads, let's all pray, church, let's help them.
Heavenly Father, I repent, I believe Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
He died for me and He rose again.
Jesus, coming to my heart, coming to my life, I receive you now as my Lord and my Savior.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit and take my life and make a difference.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Let's look up church to celebrate with all of heaven today.
Thanks for watching these week's message.
One way for you to connect your church in Iraq is through the goddess for you classes.
These classes are designed to teach you about the culture, mission, and values of church in Iraq and about your God given this time.
You can take these classes anytime by going to our website at cotr.org slash goddess for you.
And if you want to know about all the incredible things we have here at church in Iraq, make sure to visit our website at cotr.org.
And never forget,
God is for you.